Why is that?
I'm just afraid that you will find out about the death of the Xu couple
Begging me again to keep you by my side
OK, you finally admitted it.
My parents' death is related to you
Do you find it scary
Ah!
When you approached me and Yue You
Isn't it with a purpose?
Do you dare?
Let Shen Tinglan go
I admit it.
I approached you with purpose at first
But I saved you once
From now on
Sorry.
You just put him down?
It seems that you don't like Auntie very much either.
Hahaha
Shen Yue
Don't think I don't know what you're thinking.
Hee hee, don't even think about grandpa.
His eyebrow shape
I am no longer the God Court that was soft-hearted three years ago
The party is over, you let it go
Your incriminating evidence three years ago
I still keep you well
I don't mind sending him out
My child
Is prison